Ingredients
1 jar (around 50 oz) of pickled cabbage leaves or a medium head of pickled cabbage, drained and rinsed (10 -15 cabbage leaves)

1 lb (450 g) ground pork

1 lb (450 g) ground beef

1 large onion, diced

1 medium carrot, shredded

1 small potato, shredded

1-2 bay leaves

1 cup (235 ml) water

3 tablespoons (50 g) Vegeta seasoning

3 tablespoons (21 g) paprika (Aleva Paprika)

1 cup (250 g) white rice, cooked

Thick cut smoked bacon or any smoked meat product

Oil ( I use sunflower)

Salt

Black pepper

Directions
Prepare your cabbage leaves. If using leaves from a jar, remove them carefully, and transfer to a large bowl filled with cold water. Unroll the leaves and separate them, setting aside 5-6 leaves. If some are torn or really small that is fine, set those not so nice looking ones aside. Do not discard them, you will use them later. Drain all the water and refill with fresh water. Set aside until ready to use.
In a high sided skillet on medium heat, add a little bit of oil (about 1 tbsp), diced onion, and the water. Cook the onion until the water has evaporated. Once the water evaporates, saute the onion in the remaining oil for 2 minutes.

After 2 minutes, add your ground meat to the skillet and take a couple of minutes to break it up as it cooks. Break it up as much as possible.
When the meat is halfway cooked, add in the Vegeta seasoning, 1 tbsp of salt, and a dash of black pepper to start. You will adjust for seasoning later. Continue cooking the meat until it’s fully cooked. Do not drain the liquid.
Once the meat is fully cooked, add the paprika, cooked rice, shredded carrot, potato, and another pinch of black pepper. Stir to combine and remove from heat. Taste and adjust for seasoning.
Slice smoked meat of your choice into small pieces, set aside. Prepare a baking dish by taking 1-2 pieces of the torn/small leaves and covering the bottom of your dish. This will prevent the sarma from burning.
Referring to the slideshow above, lay one leaf on a flat surface and spoon 1-2 tablespoons of filling into the leaf. Fold in the sides and tightly roll the filling away from you. Repeat this step until you have used up all of the leaves/filling. Transfer to baking dish.
Once you have rolled all of the sarma, distribute your smoked meat around the dish. Stick 1 or 2 bay leaves in between the sarma. Fill the dish 1/3 of the way with water. Take the remaining reserved leaves (1 or 2) and lay them on top of the sarma to cover them. They don’t all have to be completely covered, just use whatever leaves or pieces you have leftover.
Preheat oven to 400 F (200 C). Cover the baking dish with aluminum foil and transfer to the oven. Bake the sarma covered for 30 minutes, then uncover and continue to bake another 25-30 minutes or until they turn a nice golden color and the smoked meat is nice and roasted.

Note: The leaves covering the sarma may look burned, but don’t worry, they are protecting the sarma underneath. You will throw those away.

Remove from the oven and remove the leaves covering the sarma. Serve hot with a side of sour cream, Greek yogurt, or feta cheese.
